# CS-305
The client for this project was Artemis Financial. They are a compnay that is wanting to try and up their security in order to provide new ways for customers to invest, deposit savings, and acquire health insurance. They were looking to increase their security for their website through the use of a third party security team, myself, to go over coding best pracitces and see if there were any vulnerabilities via the Vulnerability Assessment Proccess.

When going through this clients code the things that I noticed and did wellw as finding the error handling, generating a self signed cert [after some difficulties], scanning and suppressing any known vulnerabilites, and also finding a suitable hash function [SHA-256] and implmenting it to encode a message for the company. Coding securely, espically in the case of Artemis Finacial, is important because its protecting personal information. To have a business that handles people's money in a secure fashion will help boost the confidence in the cleints work with the customers they will have and with the built confidence comes an even more built reputation.

The most challenging part of the vulnerability challenge for me was the generation of the self signed cert, [I had a previous cert I had trouble finding and clearing], and launching the webpage with the hash function, [just a simple mistake on my end with using the wrong url]. These both were challenging to me but they were also helpful because they agve me insight to the things I have done wrong in the past and a new found knowledge once I completed the tasks.

Ways that I increased security through layers was through the implementation of the HTTPS address. This ensures a secure connection between host and client. The next step waas through a messgae digest that help secure the infromation being handled. Along with the implementation of the Message Digfest I setup an error handling message. I also used Maven Dependency Check to check through and see a list of vulnerabilites. In the future I will continue to use the Maven Dependency check due to it being a nice base point to figruing out what needs to be handled. This along side of following coding best pracitces and having a general knowledge on handling personal information gives a great foundation into knowing how to help those who want to help their clients with security.

After refactoring I setup a localhost webpage in orfer to test the new code that was implemented. This showed that the new HTTPS webpage was being used along with the correct hash message that the data was being transfered through. I also used, as previously mentioned, Maven Dependency check to check for any other vulnerabilites. With this it gave me a list of known vulnerabilites that could be suppressed and after refactoring and testing again no new vulberabilities appeared. 

As I keep mentioning Maven Dependecy Check has been a large help. As for finding my old cert and getting rid of it that was through the use and help of Stack Overflow, the community there is nice and helpful so long as you provide the details and a train of thought of how you would resolve the problem. (I really like that the times I have ask the individuals who help do not give the answer directly). DIY Youtube videos are great for me to learn due to my more visual based learning, but also _Iron-Clad Java: Building Secure Web Applications_ by Jim Manico and August Detlefsen was a grea resource and overall book. Oracle website proved to be a major resource as well because it had answers for the Java keytool as well as the different types of alogrithms, their sources, and waht they would be good at handling.

What I would be able to show employers with these projects in the future is I am able to adapt and learn quickly (the cert generations and the webpage launch problems). I can also show that not only am I able to meet the clients expectations but I go a step further for what their cutomers may also want/desire from their security. I present different approaches that I may not be able to handle myself and an easy to follow break down of what I was able to implement. Saftey goes beyond just a paycheck, it extends into poeples everyday lives client and and their cutomers alike. 
